Further work on EuroPython talk + demo (#9)
pydantic/talks: 2025-07-16-europython/README.md

# Pydantic stack for AI Apps 
## EuroPython, July 16 2025, Prague

> This is the root repo holding both the demo project & slides for the talk.

## Subdirectories:  
- `/pydantic-ghost-writer` (demo code)
- `/slides` (talk code)

👆 Check out the READMEs inside these folders for info on how to run the slides locally, and to read the demo code and try out the ghost writer yourself. 

> > If you can't be bothered with running the slides with `npm` you can also just open `2025-07-16-europython/slides/index.html` in any browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you can't be bothered with building the slides with `npm`, you can also just open `2025-07-16-europython/slides/index.html` in any browser.
```
